    It was good

    The unix shell 

    Well illustrated tutorial with interesting examples

    Good assistance

    Interesting & challenging

    The unix session was very informative especially with the advanced commands

    Clear speech, easy to follow

    Very good interaction from the participants. Humor is also great!

    Quite interactive. It was interesting.

    Quite interactive. Easy to follow. Well managed with help of tutors & learning

    Good orator and lecturer

    Interesting material, thanks :-)

    Expressive lecturer
	    Introducing git/hub was creating confusion for people who have not worked with it before. It interruped the flow of the unix shell session.

    We need black sticky notes and white pens to write the bad stuff

    Spending too much time for easy task (both doing and explaining, one of them can be shorter)

    Timing

    Too much information in one day for a beginner--more practice needed

    Could be a bit faster

    Time management

    Fast talk

    Quite intense session for persons without prior experience of Linux
    Very informative . Learned alot. Though felt a bit fast to follow examples.

    The session covered by Stefano Cozzini was perfect!!!

    The program is okay

    Perfect morning session

    Git looks very useful, never used anything like that

    Thanks alot

    Very good material. Good presentation.

    I liked it

    Good instruction

    Excellent for a beginner. It is a perfect speed

    Got first insights ito github - great resource to explore

    New stuff well presented and in interactive mode. Well done.

    Version control with Git class very interesting

    the helpers

    Nice presentation, very interactive

    Main concepts very well described

    Excellent lecture of GitHub introduction (some of his jokes)

    Nicola's humor is great for making git/hub fun. For the first time I understand git/hub!

    What I liked in morning session: interactive mode of learning and lots of assistance from tutors

    Topic interesting, materials are good but time :-(

    The lecture material is well illustrated and easy to follow
	    As a teacher, I think the pace is too fast for beginners and too slow for experts. I suggest a preliminary course for beginners on basic concepts followed by a course on application.

    More time needed for each module, please

    Due to the scheduled programme, we can only have an overview of the process and commands meaning

    Time was not well managed as some sessions were quickly rushed through, making it difficult for new beginners

    Too fast explanation, difficult to follow for absolute beginner

    I'm a beginner; I think I need to attend all classes, go home to study for a year (!), then come back next year to follow-up! Ther are helpgers but by the time they explain 1 point, 10 points ahead are done

    With a computer science background, the speed was fine with me. But the person I was partnered with had very difficulties following and had to ask me each command

    Git was useful but a bit fast

    Helpers for this session were sitting and participants were waling around to locate them and ask for help. Suggestion: helpers for each session should be standing to be available to help participants.

    Etherpad is sometimes hard to read-> dark text on dark background

    I would like to jbiw nire about Github but the instructions were too fast. The R lesson is intersting and the instructor did a good job of it. But please be a little bit slower cause of people who are beginners

    You are a bit too fast. Please try to carry everyone along

    Maybe a little too fast sometimes

    Would be useful to have more time for exercises

    You teach a little speedier than usual

    Not so clear where we are getting to

    Some lessons were too fast to capture the line between the practicality of the stuff

    A little too slow

    Today - nothing! (x 2)

    I would have liked it if we could have discussed loops and running scripts in shell. Suggestion: shorten the first part of the lesson with basic commands and focus on the more powerful stuff of the shell.

    With limited/no background of git, it was difficult to follow "what is what"

     & "why"

    Learned new push-pull methods in git
	    The R session was fantastic: great session

    Pace of the R session was great

    R lesson was ok

    Good lecture :-)

    I like it very much

    I guess it is consistent for many, but being reminded that count indices start at "1" (for R, etc.) is especially useful for those coming fro languages that start at zero

    Very clear session

    The R session is interesting. The instructor did a good job.

    Pace of the session was perfect!

    Preparation with links in the ethernet is great--easy to follow

    Ineresting topic for analysing data statistic

    Good balance between presentation and hands on

    Informative with nice examples

    No complaints on R up to now




